♪♪
[ blender whirs ]
Big day!
Not only am I about
to crack the recipe
For an at-home
orange julius,
It's also hamster day!
I'm adopting a hamster.
The lady is coming
to drop it off right now!
Oh, that's fun.
It's always so fun
with you.
Say, uh, remind me
to do something in five minutes.
What do you have to do?
Something.
Don't worry about it.
Just tell me when it's been
five minutes, geez.
I'm insane busy.
Just set a timer
on your phone.
This is a game boy.
Stan confiscated
my phone
Because I didn't take out
the trash.
That shouldn't be my job.
It takes me all weekend.
[ doorbell rings ]
eeeee!
Hayley smith?
My hamster!
No, not yours yet.
I need to take
a quick look around first.
Oh! Didn't realize
this wasn't a done dealio.
Ya know,
I thought about buying one,
But just
couldn't do it.
Had to rescue.
We appreciate it.
Me too!
Free hamster!
Like, I have money,
but I don't have hamster money.
Oh, wow,
what happened here?
Science, art...
Magic.
I'm about to disrupt
the entire orange julius sector
On a grand scale.
Are you stoned?
Yeah, but I could go again
if you want to.
I call it
"hayley julius."
Shouldn't it be
"orange hayley"?
Uh, no.
Julius is
the money word.
I'm going to be
so rich in business.
I see.
Wait till you see
in your mouth!
[ retches ]
thissa tastes like cacca!
I cannot leave this hamster
with you.
What?! Why?!
If I'm being honest,
You're not ready to take care
of anyone or anything.
You seem like a big child.
I am an adult woman!
No, you're not!
No. No, she's not.
♪ good morning, u.S.A. ♪
♪ I got a feelin' that
it's gonna be a wonderful day ♪
♪ the sun in the sky
has a smile on his face ♪
♪ and he's shinin' a salute
to the american race ♪
♪ oh, boy, it's swell to say ♪
♪ good -- ♪
♪ good morning, u.S.A. ♪
Aah!
Let's circle back
after japan.
Ojama shimashta.
[ cellphone beeps,
keyboard clicks ]
Hayley, whatever this is,
I can't.
I got 12 deals
to close by eod.
I am shook!
People don't see me
as an adult.
I'm an adult, right?
This hamster lady said
I was a big child.
Is it 'cause
I'm trying to do
All the "hayley julius"
stuff?
It's certainly not helping.
♪ I've had the time of my life ♪
[ door slams ]
Speaking of big children...
My 13-year-old
daughter gilda
Is home from
swiss boarding school.
All she does
is sit in her room
And watch "dirty dancing"
over and over.
Love "dirty dancing."
Great movie,
sexy as hell.
Don't be disgusting.
But yeah, someone
should talk to her.
Not me, of course.
I have my hands full
with all my deals.
My smoking hot wife,
Her smoking hot mom,
is dead.
Great woman,
jewish woman.
She wanted gilda
raised jewish,
But I'm raising her
nothing
Because I just don't have
the time.
To raise her
or to talk to her.
This is quite a story.
My daughter is going
through something, probably.
Sounds like definitely.
Yeah, gonna have
my assistant send her an email.
Hi, devante.
Send gilda an email
With the message,
"walk it off."
wait!
This is the perfect thing
for me to do!
Okay...
Do you have her email?
I don't,
but I'll have devante forward.
Roger--
barney bux.
It sounds like
this girl --
gilda.
Which is also you,
I assume?
Yes, it is me, but
I don't want to belabor that.
Wasn't going to.
You said your
13-year-old daughter is
Very into "dirty dancing"
all of a sudden?
Uhh, paging dr. Hayley.
Diagnosis -- tweenage
sexual awakening.
Sounds like gilda
just needs a super cool,
Adult woman
to be there for her.
Something that I am.
Owie!
[ keyboard clicks,
text message sends ]
'sup? I'm hayley.
"dirty dancing."
noice.
Just came by to chat.
Uh, would you mind
pausing the movie?
After this part.
This is a good part.
The good parts start at
the beginning and go to the end.
Damn right they do.
Baby's dad is mad,
but he just doesn't understand.
Shh. This is where
she goes swimming.
In shorts.
Ah, jennifer grey
is laughing so much
When he tickles
her armpit.
Do we think
that was scripted?
It feels...Very real.
♪ I've had the time of my life ♪
Baby's sister
can't sing for shit.
I heard, when they
finished shooting,
The cast had a huge
water balloon fight.
Jerry orbach got hit in the face
and did not take it well.
So, what's up with
all the "dirty dancing"?
Nothing is up with it.
I watch it.
You don't have to be
embarrassed.
I'm cool.
I "get it."
Okay?
And I'll never judge you.
You're 13, you're having
some new feelings...
That's not it.
Of course it is.
It's like,
one day you're a potato,
And the next,
you're electric.
All you wanna do is dance
while wearing crop tops
And high heels
and tights...
See, but you don't have
any freakin' tights.
And your mom's heels
don't fit your extra wide feet.
It's like trying to shove
a steak into a keyhole.
But crop tops?
Crop tops you can do.
Crop tops
could be your thing!
I guess they could be?
They're my thing,
and I'm still speaking.
Ohh, every time the wind
brushes your belly button,
You still hear the immortal
words of patrick swayze --
Not the actor,
the lyricist --
Singing
"she's like the wind."
And these feelings of yours
are normal.
Okay, but --
but you're scared!
Because you don't have a clue
what you're doing!
And that's why
I'm here.
To help you, guide you,
teach you, not preach you,
About what
you're fascinated by,
But also scared of.
Let's talk boys.
You wanna kiss 'em?
Well, I --
well, you can't!
Gilda, come on, there's
an order to these things --
Step one, step two,
step three.
It goes -- talk to boy,
get to know boy, then kiss boy.
It's the whole reason
why we're here!
On earth?
At the mall.
[ boy shouting indistinctly ]
[ boys laughing ]
Fountain boys.
Which one do you like?
I don't like
any of them.
I don't wanna be
at this mall.
You're acting so ashamed
Of your normal,
healthy feelings!
Get it together.
♪ hungry eyes ♪
♪ one look at you
and I can't disguise ♪
♪ I've got hun-- ♪
The one
in the pokemon shirt.
That's charizard.
So you know he's a little edgy.
Gilda?
Help me!
I lost the girl I was supposed
to be taking care of!
Big hair?
Nerd vibe?
She followed the pastor
into the church.
Church?
What church?
You're in
a church's chicken.
There's always a church in
the back of a church's chicken.
Oh.
I didn't know that.
If I'm being honest,
You seem like
you don't know much.
Gilda! You can't just wander
off like that. I was worried.
I found the boy I like.
♪ with these hungry eyes ♪
Uhh...
That's a man.
I'm going to talk to him,
get to know him,
And then
I'm going to kiss him.
Just like you said.
Jesus christ.
No, ya idiot!
He's just a pastor.
[ "hungry eyes" playing ]
God is everywhere!
M'kay?
There. There.
There. Over here.
Under there.
He's amazing
at preaching.
I'm sorry,
but this church is super weird.
It's not even Sunday.
It's open every single day?
And we just keep coming?
What's that about?
Your guidance brought me here,
I'm now shame-free!
I like the pastor.
I like him like him.
Awesome.
God is good.
He should do good things.
You should do good things.
Good grief.
Wow!
I'm gonna do lots
of good things.
Starting with step one.
Eeeee!
And now, "amazing grace."
♪ amazing grace ♪
♪ how sweet the sound ♪
Order 579 is ready,
check your tickets, please.
♪ that saved a wretch ♪
♪ like meeee ♪
579, order's up.
♪ eeeeee ♪
Let's go.
No!
We've been here three times,
and I'm still on step zero!
That's totally fine!
Thanks for being
patient with me
While I get up
the courage to do
The thing you said
I should do.
Well, you know --
I know I can do this!
I'm doing it!
Hi.
Ah-ha-ha-ha!
I did it!
I'm out of control!
All of that
going to church stuff was cool,
But now it's time
to stop doing that, right?
Wrong!
Strawberry chapstick
is a little forward...
Root beer
is too funky...
But blue razz says
quiet sophistication.
Oh!
What if
we had a sleepover
And ate fruit roll-ups
until we puked?
Nah.
Step one is done,
step two is "get to know him,"
And I already know him
profoundly,
So I guess it's on
to step three --
Kiss him!
Ahhhh! I've never been
more ready for anything!
[ hyperventilating ]
Gilda,
you don't know him.
You don't know
anything about him.
Uh, yes, I do.
I know his address,
How to undo the latch on the
gate of his apartment complex,
His unit number, and
where he keeps his spare key.
Tonight's the night.
I'm going to be
with a man,
Just like you said.
I didn't say that!
[ scoffs ]
Roger, seriously, you can't have
gilda go after a grown man.
I'm doing this for you.
So you can prove
you're an adult.
Don't make me
break character again!
I am an adult.
Well, I am in love.
And you said
you'd never judge me.
It sounds like
you are judging me.
What?! No! Never!
I'll...Even drive you to
the pastor's apartment!
You would do that for me?
Uh-- of course!
Brb!
Oh my god, oh my god!
It's going badly,
but I can fix it!
Hold on a sec.
She has a thing
for a pastor!
I'm supposed to be raising
her jewish, hayley!
[ "hungry eyes" playing ]
Okay, sir.
This stops now!
What?
Just cool it!
On being so hot!
You have been
really inappropriate
With an impressionable
young woman!
I have in no way been
inappropriate with anyone!
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Uh, how 'bout walking in here
with an ass like that, for one?
You have a hot face.
Your dimples are insane!
Okay, now I'm feeling it,
so just stop it.
Have a little decency.
Turn around!
Turn back around!
Geez louise!
You need to
hide your body more!
Are you hearing
my message?
Steer clear of gilda!
Who?
You're disgusting.
With your perfect
shoulders, too.
I bet you could spin me
in the air on one finger
Like I'm a big
basketball.
[bleep] it, use two!
It's inappropriate!
You're the one being
inappropriate!
You are making me be
Some hot piece of tail
showing up in langley
With incredible
dance training?
This should be illegal.
I'm calling the police!
On dat ass!
Praise be,
hallelujah!
If I took a bite
out of that peach,
I would chip a tooth!
This is harassment!
His ass-ment!
His ass
is like cement!
I am talking hard.
Jesus christ!
Did you just use
the lord's name in vain?
[ gasps ] wow.
Okay. Got it.
None of this was making sense,
but it finally does.
Is this a "sister act"
situation?
If it is,
you have to tell me.
Like from the movie
"sister act"
With whoopi goldberg?
Don't play dumb with me.
You know what "sister act" is.
Are you insinuating
that I am just
A fun and charismatic
performer
Who is hiding out in a church
pretending to be clergy
Because I witnessed a murder
carried out by the bingoni mob?
Get real.
[ door bangs open ]
Man: That's him!
The bingonis say hello!
[ gunshot ]
[ gasps ]
[ door slams ]
Oh, my god!
Was this my fault?
No. No!
I can't be responsible
for everyone!
Okay!
Good news and bad news.
Uh, the good news is
That someone
said hello to the pastor.
The bad news is
it was a mob-style hello
Where he got got.
What?
He's gone.
Gone where?!
Heaven, I guess.
Then I'm going
to heaven, too.
Goodbye forever!
Stop!
Geez, I'm trying
to steer you,
But you're like
a bad shopping cart
That veers
right into the wall!
I'm going to do it!
Then you'll never
see him again!
Because you can't go to heaven
if you kill yourself!
Those pricks thought
of everything.
Right! So...
The only way to go to heaven
is to do what the pastor says
And do good deeds --
lots and lots!
So let's just keep you
very with the good deeds!
You mean like mitzvahs?
I'm supposed to be jewish.
Hold!
"a mitzvah is...
A good deed"!
So, yes! Yes.
Let's channel all
of that amazing, intense,
Crazy girl energy
into the doing of mitzvahs!
How's that for being
an adult woman?!
♪♪
Yep, I did this.
We're doing
good work here.
Oh, would you like
to help as well?
No, she's doing
that part.
I would love some
more soup, though.
♪♪
I brought her here,
emotionally and physically.
Ah, it feels so good!
Can I get some soup?
Um...No.
[ line ringing ]
I fixed everything!
I'm in a meeting.
I can't talk.
Gilda hasn't mentioned
the pastor in months.
And she's been named
female mensch of the year!
Her mom would be
so happy.
Listen, I'm very busy.
I'm pretending to be in japan.
Pretending
to close a deal.
[ applause ]
Thank you so much
for recognizing me as
Female mensch of the year.
Whoo!
Why do we do good deeds?
Because it's our moral duty
to leave the world
Better than we found it?
No.
[ belches loudly ]
It's so we can just die already,
go to heaven,
And do step three
with the hot pastor.
My adult friend hayley
taught me all of this.
But the thing is,
it's taking too long.
So I found a loophole!
Whatever the pastor knew,
I also know.
I saw the bingonis...
Do whatever.
[ door bangs open ]
Man: She knows too much!
[ gunfire ]
[ crowd screaming ]
Listen, we are
on the run now.
So we gotta stay safe.
Yeah, I guess so.
I'm too sleepy to talk.
Can you tell me a story?
Yeah, sure.
Once upon a time...
I thought
I was an adult.
I tried to be there
for you, but...
I just kept making
everything worse.
Mm, this is
a bad story.
[ snoring ]
In a way,
you're roger,
But you're also real.
I will fix this.
I will take care of you.
And no matter what,
I'll never let --
[ snores ]
...Them hurt you.
[ door bangs open ]
Man: We know
to whom you are referring!
[ gunshot ]
[ wind rushing ]
Where's gilda?
Where am I?
[ indistinct conversations,
laughter ]
You must be hayley.
Welcome!
This is for you.
Oh, okay.
Picture's up!
There's baby.
That's baby's dad!
Am I in the shot?
No!
You're doing great!
Roll sound,
roll camera.
Hold for sound!
Wait, is that the pastor?
He dead.
Am I dead?
Hi, is this heaven?
Or am I somehow
a boom mic operator
On the set
of "dirty dancing"?
All of the above!
Heaven is
"dirty dancing."
But more specifically,
Heaven is the moment
on the set of "dirty dancing"
When we,
the people behind the camera,
Realize that we're making
something really special.
Yeah,
that makes sense.
Real quick --
are you god?
Kind of!
I'm emile ardolino,
The director
of "dirty dancing."
Okay, you wanna hear
something really crazy?
I also directed
"sister act"!
Get the [bleep] out.
You get the [bleep] out.
Damn.
Gilda would
love it here.
And my arm's not even tired!
This is so wild!
Please wake up.
We don't have to be
on the run anymore!
I explained
to that mob family
That I was joking about
knowing "whatever."
They were surprisingly cool.
I'm sorry.
This is all my fault!
But if you die
and kiss my boyfriend,
So help me, god...
[ door opens ]
Oh. Hi.
I thought
you were in japan.
I was. I'm back.
How do you know hayley?
And another thing
you can do in heaven
Is come up to the screening room
and watch your favorite scene,
Over and over again,
as if for the first time.
[ quietly ]
it's exquisite.
The armpit tickle scene?
You really like that scene,
more than anyone else!
But as I'm sure
you know,
"dirty dancing" is a rich
and deep text,
And as such,
Holds different meanings
for different people.
I did not know that.
I thought it was just sexy
and horny and stuff.
For example, you love
the armpit tickle scene,
But your friend gilda
loves this scene.
[ projector clicks, whirs ]
When I'm wrong,
I say I'm wrong.
You looked wonderful out there.
Hayley: Oh, my god!
I was totally wrong about
What gilda was getting
from the movie!
I finally know
how to fix things!
Not ready
to go to the big
"dirty dancing" screening room
in the sky just yet.
[ gasps ]
she wasn't boy crazy --
She was man crazy!
About her dad!
But not like that!
I'm the one
who got her obsessed with boys!
I met emile ardolino,
And he showed me that you
can't actually care for someone
If you aren't seeing them
clearly.
Everything went off the rails
Because I was pushing
my stuff on you.
Yeah, I tried
to tell you,
But you were talking
so much at the mall.
You're talking a lot
now, too.
Oh, good,
you're both here!
Roger --
barney bux!
You need
to make it right.
Tell her all of the things
you never said.
Okay.
Your mother...Died.
Yeah, I know.
How?
I figured it out.
Not this!
Say the lines.
Oh. I have been distant
these last 13 years.
No! Say the lines
from the movie!
That's where
the magic is!
Can't I just say
what I feel personally?
Absolutely not.
Say, "when I'm wrong,
I say I'm wrong."
When I'm wrong,
I say I'm wrong.
Then look at your
beautiful daughter,
Who is blossoming
into her own person.
She's becoming a woman!
You see that now.
Say, "you looked
wonderful out there."
Out where?
Just say it!
You looked wonderful out there.
♪ now I've had
the time of my life ♪
♪ and I've never felt
like this before ♪
♪ yes, I swear ♪
♪ it's the truth ♪
♪ and I owe it all to you ♪
♪ 'cause I've had
the time of my ♪
[ zapping, whooshing ]
Raider dave!
Wow!
All roads lead to raider dave.
Well done, hayley.
You looked wonderful
out there.
[ glass shatters ]
I've seen enough!
I hereby
declare you
"an adult woman"!
This hamster
is yours.
Hey, did my family
come to visit me
While I was
in a coma?
Hmm, no one told them,
I don't think?
Haven't seen them in a while
if I'm being honest.
Hayley!
Is it five minutes yet?
No answer?
Really?
I have to do everything
around here!
"klaus, take out the trash!"
"klaus, we're going
inside the new meat freezer
For five minutes
to see if anyone gets cold!"
"klaus, make sure you come
get us in five minutes!"
Blah, blah, blah!
Uh...So...
Did anyone get cold?
And I refuse
to take out the trash anymore!
Have a great night!